Do you know how how I can wake it up?
I've lost my screen.
Never close your laptop.
Well, welcome to the kick-off meeting. Well, this is the agenda for today. examples of the tool training, project plan discussion and the closing. Okay, the project aim is to design a new remote control. some of the oje objectives are that is has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. I oh forget I forget the whole acquaintance part, but we we all know each other. we begin with the functional design, then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design. Every level of design consists of some individual work, and we close it with a meeting. Okay, first we're gonna gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here, so you get acquainted with these meeting tools. This is the presentation boards, wh which one I'm using right now. there's a document folder called the sh shared document folder. so you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen. There is a tool-bar over here. It's like a very simple paint application. and you can make new sheets by by pu puttin pressing on the blank button. and you can change the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing on forward,. Right, we're gonna try out the electronic white-boards. every participant should draw his favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics,. Well, I'm gonna draw a piranha., a fish. And so in the format menu you can choose the different colours and pen widths.
But the easiest animal I can think is is a bird.
And then we are through the tool training, I guess. Okay, this is something about the project finance. The selling price of our remote control is gonna be twenty five Euros. And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros. The market range is international, so it's gonna be sold world-wide,. and the production cost should be a maximum of twelve Euro fifty per remote control. well, we're gonna brainstorm about what kind of kemoro romo remote control it's gonna be.
I don't th I don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls,. but if you see elderly people, all these buttons, and then they buy new TV because their previous one was stolen or whatever. so I think what we need is is a clear remote control with. grouped buttons, you know.
And, is it gonna be a remote control that's what it can be used for different kind of equipment, like your TV and your home stereo?
Well I was I was thinking since a TV is mostly used together with a VCR or DVD player or recorder, and not with a stereo, I think it should be good to include functions for V_C_R_s and DVD players, recorders.
I thought it was only for television. So so we probably don't have to have to have the functions for DVD player or VCR.
Yeah, but most television remote controls support other functions as well. Or someth something special, like MP three player inside of it, or. Okay. Maybe with different type of fronts or. The the Industrial Designer will or the working design, of course,. The User Interface Designer. the technical functions design. And the Management Expert of the Marketing Expert. User requirements specifi. I'm gonna make some minutes or take some minutes. I'm gonna wri write some stuff down. We'll see each other in thirty minutes.